Task details:


Make a medium.com like editor/notepad with the given requirement specs.

Go to Medium.com and after signup try writing a story.

A story is a list of paragraphs separated by newline character or break. Double click a word and a tooltip to style the word is shown.

Build this editor/notepad type functionality with following features:
1. Each enter will create a new paragraph.

2. Once the editing of paragraph is done, drag and drop the paragraphs to rearrange the order of paragraphs.

3.On double clicking a word show a tooltip and give options to make the word : a. Bold. b. Underlined. c. Change color to Red.

4. On hitting a button “Done”: Detect if the user has entered an tag anywhere in the text. If so make actual links and attach all with their contents at the bottom of the page and color all the alternate occurences with blue and red respectively. The attached tags need not link to any other place.

Advanced(optional):

Here is a way to generate random english words: ﻿http://randomword.setgetgo.com/﻿
Replace all the four letter words with the random words generated by using the above link. Please note that if any original word was styled then the new word replacing it should also be styled in the same way.

Refer to the text above and please note :
Point no. 1 & 2 make first task.
Point no. 3 and 4 are second and third task respectively.

Advanced task is optional. Do it if you find the challenge interesting.

Hints:

1. Use tags with contenteditable property.
2. Think only about chrome while doing tasks, no need to worry about cross browser issues.

Finish as much as you can. Write self explanatory function names and add comments wherever required.
